Me - Kumar Rajesh
My Sisters - Mumpy Kumary (elder) , Kashis Raj (younger) , Shimpy Kumari (Expired in Covid)
Father - Bharat lal Bhagat
Mother - Rita Devi
Daughter - Preesha Bhagat

Wife - Sharveya Jaiswal
Father-inlaw - Harkesh Jaiswal
Monther-inlaw - Vandana Jaiswal
Sister-inlaw - Palak Jaiswal
Brother-inlaw - Yatin Jaiswal

Our meeting was arranged through online marriage website (samajbandhu.com) . We first met in Delhi at my Wife's cousin's place in September 2017 . It was family meeting together from both the sides and we had normal conversations discussing each others background .
I was on deputation in US , while she was working in Indian Bank as Clerk . Roka happened at her hometown (Ambikapur, Chattisgarh) . We have offered Kangan worth 1 Lakh to my wife . Marraige was planned to be organised at my hometown (Sahibganj , Jharkhand) where the expenses will be shared from both the sides . 
My wife is depression patient (never disclosed before marraige , I came to know only after a year of marraige). We were told they(in-laws) will be sharing all the expenses and also had proposed they will be offering a car . There was no demand from our end . We had to do all the arrangements for marraige in Sahibganj . We had asked to get 45 people from in-laws side will be coming for marraige , but when they finally came it was just the double around 100 . We had to bear all the expenses for 2 days function (Engagement + Marraige) .They have given Rs 10 Lakhs online transfer to my Father's account for marraige function arrangement , which went beyond the estimation due to number of guests for in-laws side that had arrived . We have arranged for Hotel stay, fooding , deocration and marraige preparation for 2 days - 1 for engagement, 1 for marraige . We were engaged on 28th June 2018 and marraied on 29th June 2018 . We went for honeymoon which was completely sponsered by me (nearly 1.5 Lakhs) . I couldn't take my wife immediately as i had to get Visa extension .My wife applied for B1/B2 tourist visa for my wife which got rejected .  I had applied for my visa extension on H1B which got rejected on December 2018 and I flew back to india on 29th December 2018 . My wife conitued with her job in Indian bank in Raipur .She has never wanted to visit (Sahibganj) nor has she ever tried to remain in contact with the family members from very beginning .
We together visited Sahibganj for my elder sister's marraige in 29th Jan 2019 .She was there only for 3-4 days . She started demanding all jeweleries and all her belongings , which she wanted to carry back to her hometown . She created a lot of mess while people were busy preparing for the marraige . We went to Bailya from Sahibganj for my elder sister's wedding . 
After 6 months around August 2019 , she tool sebatical leave for 1 month and returned to Bangalore to stay with me as she was not getting job transfer . I had travelled to Chennai Indian Bank Headoffice for her transfer, but no luck .  While she stayed with me , she was searching for job as she was not satisfied with Bank Clerk job as it required lot of hard work . She got an offer with Amazon as Associate Compliance after which she decided to quit . She moved in with me around Nov 2019 . My family continued to stay in Delhi with my elder sister . While I returned my salary with TCS was little less. She kept torturing me commenting on my low package with TCS , due to which i had to work hard and switch different companies . 
Mar 2020 we travelled to Delhi for Holi festival celebration with my family . Even on that occasion instaed of celebrating with family, she went to her Mausi's place . She tries to avoid the family as much as possible . Covid started once we returned from Delhi .I was affected with very high fever , she hardly took care of me. I used to talk to my family , which she doesn't like and always asked to avoid talking to my family .She had fight with my family members over the phone , even though she hardly takes care of them .She was under depression and we had consulted several therapists here in Bangalore .She has always taken medecine prescribed by doctor from Raipur . My sister expired during Covid Phase2 (24th Apr 2021) in my native (Sahibganj, Jharkhand).Only my mother and sister(expired) were there in sahibganj when the incident occured . My father and sisters (flew from Delhi) and my wife and me (from Bangalore) went to Sahibganj . We did not get support from any of our relatives at that time . My family was still in trauma , me and my family sick (father got covid, me suffering high fever) . Within a period of 2 weeks , she started pushing to move out of my hometown with the reason of her depression . I told her that we will take my mother and father along with us to Bangalore, but she kept persuading stating she wont be able to take care of mother and father . It will be better if they are with my sisters . I had to send them to Lucknow( to my elder sister) .We flew back to Bangalore .
She got pregnant in June 2021 . She was not ready for the kid, after several persuation and Doctor's convinced , she planned to continue with pregnancy . I had to take care of household , cooking , visiting doctors every 2 weeks for my Wife pregnancy tests. All the cost was bored by me . Meanwhile i had booked our Flat here in Gunjur Bangalore with the wife as co-owner. Loan is sanctioned in both our names , however i alone contibute to the EMIs till date . With the burden of current incident(sister expired) that had occured in family , i had to take care of my wife and also run for loans and manage all the set up for the Flat .I had to visit the Flat of the interior set up every now and then . We used to stay in 2 BHK rented house until then . I called my parents in Nov 2021 , as i had to undergo an operation . They helped me with the Flat set up as well . We moved to our new Flat around Jan 2022 . 
On 3rd Mar 2022, my daughter was born . My mother and me along with wife had gone to hospital early morning for the delivery . All was well until we were in hospital . My mother-inlaw , and sister inlaw came 4 days after the baby's delivery .My wife atleast contributed for veggies or small items in household . After they arrived she completely stopped any expenses . My mother-inlaw started creating caos in the house . She(Mother inlaw) along with her daughter would always make fun of my mother and would giggle which caused frustration for us . They wouldn't cook, or even when they prepared something didnot share it with us . My Sister inlaw had come to visit her to be fiancee . Their focus was not on newly born child which required lot more care . My Sister in-laws marraige was planned in couple of months , so i has asked my wife to go along with them as she would request in another few days . We had got confirmation from doctor ,if travel by train would still be safe .
My wife had got the maternity leave . She didnt call me over a month if they reached or how my kid is doing . After 1 month i got call from my father-inlaw stating he will take legal actions against me . He started putting false alegations like i have forcefully removed them( wife and inlaws) out of my home . He started saying we are torturing  her daughter physically and mentally . I called every other day hence forth, but my wife used very harsh language against my family "Whats the status of family", you people are from village .She started putting false elegations of dowry . She also demanded Rs 50 Lakh  as alimony .I told how will i afford such huge amount, She told to sell the house and give money to her . She told me to separate from my parents , send them back . She asked to move them to a different place . I asked her I couldn't manage the cost , as it will be too much for me .She keep creating situations to separate my family .  I have been mentally tortured since then . I would just listen to her considering this could be hormonal changes from her end . I did not react to any of the things my inlaws or my wife told . After several pursuation, She was ready to come back only after 8-9 months after maternity leave completed in OCT 2022 . Its only because she wanted to start her job back on Bangalore . She tried a lot to get job in Raipur or remote job, but she couldn't get . I booked all the flight tickets and got her back. When i visited Raipur , my mother in law and father in law threatened me -"you will get to know if you dont keep my daughter well".
After her return in Bangalore in OCT 2022 , She dispected my parents . She didnt talk to me properly . She had arguments with me while at restaurants . She used to continously on call with her friends and family .
She must have stayed for 4 months , after which she started saying her mother is sick, so she needs to visit her .SHe had got work from home , so she moved to her home town . Her brother had visited this time to take her . She went back and started the same routine , cursing me with bad words . I talked to her parents and some how convinced her again to come back. 
I visited Raipur on 24th June 2023 to get her back . She came back , but the behaviour did not change . Now she became more rude than before . She forced me to get Nanny to take care of my kid , and also Cook because she did not have time to do all house hold . I had to bear all the expenses . Nanny used to go by 6 PM, and i had meetings from 6-8 PM, she did not bother to take care of the child. She will play cartoon on TV and give bowl to my kid to eat on her own . Kid is really innocent, she threw made a mess of all that was there . She threw milk , remote in the aquarium . My wife watched but never stopped. She used to use my kid as a medium to spoil the household items . Lot of groceery items were thrown in the kitchen all the time like rice , flour ,Ketch up bottles , Oil . All the kitch utensils are in broken state due to my wife's negligence . My wife did not participate in festivals like Chatt , Diwali. She will stand isolated from rest of us . Due to her behaviour , my mother left for Delhi in OCT 2023 .
We did not remain peace even after my mother left .She did not take care for our (me and my father) breakfast or lunch . We had to prepare food at times when cook did not come . If we asked her to cook she mentioned she has too much work , she wont have time to do house hold things .She had good enough time to spend on phone . Due to her this attitude , she had lot of escalations in her office as well . She was put into training program list as she was careless with her work . Also, she did not have good terms with her colleagues in office . She spoiled my sleep my banging the bathroom door hard while i was in deep sleep .
My mother and sister(younger) returned from Delhi on 7th April 2024 , as my sister got job transfer to Bangalore . My wife had planned to visit her sister (Palak) in Nagpur . She had booked tickets for 10th April 2024 . She went to office both the days after mother was back and stayed till late . on 9th April 2024 she intentinally tried to create a situation . She never has dinner with us . As usual we sat to have dinner with my mother and sister in Dinning area . She too came with her dinner plate and sat with legs on top .She started having arguments with my sister over a silly toothbrush , and then she slapped her .Me and my mother tried to stop her .But she started slapping my Mom as well . She was hitting with legs and hands . She pulled my sisters hairs and hit with legs on her face multiple times . She threw my TV worth 2 Lakhs off the shelf in anger . She was damaging whatevr she found like Scenic Frame of glass , chairs and then she started dancing . I had to call police due to all the damages she had done . She went down stairs levaing the flat once she heard , police will be arriving . Police took recording of all the scenes along with our photos . They asked to come to police station to give a written complain . We all (my mother, father, sister(younger), me ) as were going to police station , my wife took my daughter from us . She was with her friend who had come to help her . While we were complaining in Police station, she took all items along with Jewelerry (mine as well as her) and she fled .  
I am under mental depression from past 2.5 Years . She mentally tortures me . She doesn't take care of me or my kid . I have been sick a few times. She doesn't bother even asking about how my health is, if i need medecine or if i had any food .I have to visit doctor on my own and get medecine for breathing related issues. Take care of my supper (Breakfast, lunch , dinner) . I have to cook over the weekends when my cook doesn't come . My inlaws and wife has always been threatening over the call and also when i visited , they will file Flase complaint against me . She doesn't do any household chores , always on phones and act as per instruction from her friends and family .
